gold! His nickname in the regiment was the Explosive Lieutenant....”
going to the Yusupov garden and then to the Palais de Cristal.”
“Pyotr Petrovitch Luzhin. I believe I have reason to hope that my name
conversation?” Pyotr Petrovitch asked of Zossimov.
Raskolnikov walked on and turned the corner into Sadovy Street.
the Palais de Cristal to question Zametov.
Having laid Marmeladov down, Raskolnikov flew to Katerina Ivanovna.
not dare; I am Amalia Ivanovna.”
Raskolnikov went up to Katerina Ivanovna.
“So this is your opinion of Pyotr Petrovitch?” Pulcheria Alexandrovna
“What Marfa Petrovna?”
Pulcheria Alexandrovna exchanged glances with Dounia and Razumihin.
her. It was Sofya Semyonovna Marmeladov. He had seen her yesterday for
and even Pulcheria Alexandrovna looked kindly at Sonia.
had only a room too.... Good-bye, I will tell Katerina Ivanovna.”
Porfiry Petrovitch addressed himself to Raskolnikov.
beg you to repeat what I have said to Avdotya Romanovna.”
“Guard her! What can he do to harm Avdotya Romanovna? Thank you, Rodya,
“I only repeat what I was told in secret by Marfa Petrovna. I must
“Now a certain man was sick named Lazarus of Bethany...” she forced
nerves. At that moment he was summoned to Porfiry Petrovitch.
proper care. Thanks to the Court of Appeal! Tut-tut-tut! Why, my dear
Five minutes later Lebeziatnikov came in with Sonia. She came in very
Petrovitch signed to Sonia to remain seated and stopped Lebeziatnikov.
was Amalia Ivanovna or Amalia Ludwigovna.
attention to what I have to say to Sofya Ivanovna. Sofya Ivanovna,”
Pyotr Petrovitch stole a glance at Raskolnikov. Their eyes met, and the
crowded round Pyotr Petrovitch. Katerina Ivanovna flew to Lebeziatnikov.
But this retort did not benefit Pyotr Petrovitch. Murmurs of disapproval
What had been his object in putting Razumihin off with Nikolay? He must
“As soon as you buried Marfa Petrovna?”
a great serious passion I was bound to reveal it to Marfa Petrovna. On
that I was beginning to produce the same effect on Avdotya Romanovna.
“But you have provided for the children of Katerina Ivanovna. Though...
“Have you prepared Sofya Semyonovna?”
“Are you so positive I poisoned Marfa Petrovna?”
going to him? Couldn’t he go to someone else? To Nikodim Fomitch?
Two months later Dounia was married to Razumihin. It was a quiet and
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  Literary Archive Foundation."
